In this lesson, we will
go over some implementation
details to get you ready to
make your own particle filter.
We will start with the
pseudocode shown here,
which outlines the steps you
will need to take in your code.
This first line here is
the initialization step
for the filter.
Next, this line here
is the prediction step
of the filter, which is
analogous to the prediction
step of the base
filter you saw before.
Here, you will add the control
input to all of the particles.
This next part is
the update step,
where you will update
each particle's weight.
The second for loop is the
all-important resampling step
that you learned about
in the previous lesson.
Once the resampling is done,
the new set of particles
represents the Bayes
filter posterior.
Here is a flowchart representing
the particle filter algorithm
you just saw as pseudocode.
Next, we'll take a closer
look at the first step
of the chart--
initialization-- so
that you'll know how
to initialize your particles.